Half an hour away from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China Show. I'm Yvon Man
with David and Glass.
>> Good morning. Let's get to your top
stories today. Global stocks are set for
a sixth straight monthly gain with
Chinese equities gearing up for their
best quarter in a year. Looking at gold
as well, hitting a new record as
concerns mount over a looming US
government shutdown.
>> And China set to release September's PMI
data and it could provide more evidence
of a slowing economy. Also, head sources
tell us Huawei will ramp up production
of its most advanced AI chips over the
next year as Nvidia struggles with
geopolitical headwinds.
>> I'm Lin Lo live from the Hong Kong
Exchange where Go is set to make its
debut after the world's largest IPO
since May.
[Music]
Good morning once again. Welcome to the
show. Lots to get through from this
massive IPO here in Hong Kong. It's the
end of the quarter. We have a ton of
data coming through in the next 60
minutes or so as far as the Chinese
economy is concerned. The green you're
seeing at the bottom of your screens in
the benchmark is likely down to what
we're seeing early in the Taiwanese
market as it comes back online today.
It's also worth pointing out that it is
also the last, speaking of going on
online and offline. The last trading
session, flip the boards, please, of the
Chinese mainland market before we head
into this sort of week-long uh break uh
for golden week. Uh dollar story is one
that is to the upside. A lot of that in
the last 15 minutes or so following news
out of Donald Trump and lumber and Paris
there. When you look at what's been
taking place in the Bloomberg dollar
index, yep, certainly towards the
upside. But yeah, I mean, are we going
to make a move back to 150? Certainly,
it's been in the conversation on dollar
yet. We talked about gold. So this is
really the intersection of many things.
Risk aversion ahead of a looming
shutdown in the US at the government
there. You again this IPO which we'll
get to in a moment and of course went
alongside the progress that we're seeing
there out of the uh Middle East
conversations around Gaza and Donald
Trump. Flip the page please and have a
look at where we are overnight and this
rally and we've talked about this five
months of five straight months of gains
uh on a monthly basis. Best quarter in
about a year. So, Golden Dragon index up
overnight. Couple of other stocks to
track going into the open today. Tech
has been really in play uh for the most
part of the last month or so. A50
futures are coming online and we are
looking at CGB Yields and of course
Dollar China and we talked about this in
about 18 or so minutes. The official PMI
numbers are coming through and of course
Rating Dog, that's the private survey.
It's also coming out. Quite rarely you
get those two things on the same day,
but yeah, we'll be getting them Ivon in
the next 60 minutes or so. Yeah, we're
not looking in terms of what to expect
any, you know, favorable numbers. But I
think after what we saw in that
industrial production number over the
weekend that might be different, right?
And it really kind of changed the whole
sort of sentiment around this market
that it may not be just AIdriven anymore
or liquidity driven. We're talking about
maybe earningsled sort of growth
potentially, right? Once now we start to
see anti-involution and the like really
make it way into the numbers.
>> Uh we'll see if that continues with the
PMI data here today. today. In terms of
your agenda though, yes, as we talked
about, there's a big IPO, the world's
largest IPO this year, which is Zining
Gold set to start trading there at the
bottom of this hour. The PMI data as we
mentioned though, small caps watching
gold miners just given that we hit
another record high for gold and perfect
timing for Dig Gold to kind of trade
today as well. In terms of stocks,
there's things like styin heavy next
chip semiconductor. What are we focusing
on that?
>> Yeah, so these are speaking of the
listing, right? These are the two
companies and we're watching the ashes
today. Well, the only Asares uh they've
actually come out and filed for a Hong
Kong I listing as well. So, this is
certainly something to watch in the Asia
market. Again, alongside this massive
fundraising and listing that we're
seeing out of Zooing Go today.
>> I mean, I think the fact that Hong Kong
can can can take and boast that they've
had two of the largest IPOs and listings
this year is quite a big thing for for
Hong Kong. So, certainly that's one
thing. And it maybe there's another
reason that we can see this rally
continue, right? I think yesterday was
quite of a golden moment, as you could
say, leading up to Golden Week. Usually
we don't see trading activity and
volumes the way that we did yesterday.
>> There is a lot of optimism heading into
this golden week holiday. And for once,
people are actually quite optimistic
about the consumption sort of things
that they could be seeing from this
8-day holiday as well.
>> Yeah, I think we we've already had some
estimates coming through as far as the
travel volumes are concerned. I can't
remember the last time we went into a
long holiday where the narrative was
don't take risk off the table, lean into
risk going into it because there is a
lot of optimism and momentum going into
this. And simply to underscore that is
this one specific statistic of 5 months
of gains. We are set to outperform uh
Chinese equities over US equities for
the first time in 5 years. I think the
outperformance is 25 percentage points
year to date so far. But really, what a
way to cap and bookmark and this
exclamation point. What's really been a
terrific quarter uh Zing gold ahead of
golden week.
>> Yeah. And and let's keep on this whole
golden theme, right? And talk about Zing
Gold now, this jumbo listing and bring
in our team, our China correspondent,
Mimman Low. She is joining us live from
the Hong Kong Exchange. Also want to
bring in our Bloomberg intelligence head
of Asia metals and mining and
sustainability, Michelle Lang. Mman,
I'll start with you. Obviously, we've
been anticipating this one for for some
time now. We certainly saw the gray
market was quite upbeat yesterday. What
can we expect today?
>> Yeah, it's really exuberant. It's really
packed at the Hong Kong exchange because
there are three listings happening today
and you can see behind me I think uh the
chairman of Disney Mining is up there
taking photo with uh Bony Chan and
others as well. But demand has really
strong as you said in the gray market
share prices were surging as much as 56%
at one point. It's 240 times overs
subscribed for the retail portion of the
shares and also the company has managed
to line up a pretty strong lineup of
institutional investors including the
Singapore sovereign wealth fund GIC as
well as Black Rockck Fidelity among
others and that is really going to
solidify Hong Kong standing as the
largest IPO market in the world for the
first time since 2019 and there's a lot
of interest for this sock partly because
of the macro environment, right? You
look at how gold prices had surged this
year, up by over 40% year to date. That
really light a fire under many of these
mining stocks, including the parent
company, Disney Dig Mining, which is uh
seeing its share prices up by 120% year
to date. So far, the company has said
it's going to use these funds to uh
expand overseas investments, including
uh to help settle an acquisition of a
gold mine in Kazakhstan and also to help
uh construct and upgrade existing mines
over the next 5 years.
>> Yeah. Well, Michelle, let me bring in
Minman mentioned of course this massive
move up in gold prices nearly 50% yearto
date. Talk to us about the valuation of
this listing today discount compared to
its global peers.
>> Sure. Sure. Well, it's definitely the
best timing for the new gold to go
listing today as we see the gold price
as you mentioned is more about 50% year
to date and we still see more upside
given the weaker um US dollar outlook.
Uh we are seeing that it will hit or
break through 4,000 US dollar per ton
very perons very soon. Yep. And then
that will literally give a further boost
to the global gold miners valuation. So
in our recent research we actually did a
uh average EV per reserve uh valuation
for the global gold miners. We see that
for them the average is around 1,50
US dollar per ounce and for the medium
player is even higher at around 1,130
US per don per per ounce. So um in that
front if we take a look of a aligene
gold uh international's IPO evaluation
is trading at a 26 to 31% discount that
so uh well today the great market we
already see that the market has been
very optimal uh very optimistic about
the outlook so we will expect a further
boost from there and we also did another
research we see that the global gold
miners actually the share price has a
very uh uh big improvement in terms of
the correlation with the gold price. So
even Gene uh mining this company
actually core business is from copper
but we also see that the correlation
between the share price and the gold
price has significantly improved. So it
has underscored the market's overall
broader sensitivity to the gold price
performance.
>> Okay. What does it mean for Zing mining
itself and and the valuation there now
that we have this separate IPO?
>> Sure. Uh well uh of course it will help
to unlock this um gold assets and this
overseas units actually only accounts
for like half of it. Um it still have a
lot of resources in uh domestic and also
we did an uh sum of parts valuation for
Gene gold uh and for GG mining as well.
We have priced in a different segments
of his business like gold, copper, uh,
lithium, z and lead. And of course, as I
said, copper is the largest one. But if
you factor in this more than 50% jump in
the great market for gigene uh gold, uh
actually it valuation has a bit priced
in already at this moment. But as I
said, uh if the gold price continue to
surge, then it will certainly um give a
further boost on that. And um I think on
the other hand um this IPO the proceeds
is a huge amount. It will certainly help
to uh help GG mining to expand as it's
wished. It aims to become the top tier
global uh gold miner with a 100 to 110
tons of gold per year output.
>> Nice. Okay team thank you so much.
Minman low there at the exchange and of
course Michelle Long out of Bloomberg
Intelligence here with us on set ahead
of this massive listing and this one is
look set to look set to fly going into
the open today. right just ahead. You
know, this is really one of the topics
of conversation we'll be asking and
speaking with uh the CSOP asset
management CEO when she joins us later
on shows this red hot this piping IPO
market this bull market and also how
they in the industry are tapping this
renewed demand these flows coming
through out of mainland markets and
mainland investors coming into Hong
Kong. Ding Chan joins us at about those
times on the screens coming on to the
open trade 19 minutes away Shanghai
Shanzhen and here in Hong Kong this is
the China show. Good morning.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. The final trading
session of the quarter and we are
looking at some gains across futures.
right now. So, there is a lot of
momentum seemingly almost at 1:00 a.m.
when you feel like there's a lot of
momentum and those tequila shots come
out that you know momentum will further
build into the wee hours of the morning.
But who are we to speak? Best quarter so
far in about a year for Chinese
equities. Six months I believe of gains
across global equity markets.
>> Yeah, that hangover lasts way longer now
too. It's not quite worth it when it
comes to
>> I'm still hung over actually from last
week.
>> Six months of gains, right, when it
comes to gold equities. Let's bring in
Carrie Greg. school market strategist at
JP Morgan asset management. He's in
town. Great to see you, Carrie.
>> Um, can I still expect a year- end rally
for stocks?
>> Well, there's a lot of positive momentum
in the market at the moment. I think
that's justified. We've got easy
monetary policy coming through. We have
strong corporate and household balance
sheets that's supporting that. We've got
a pick up in capex around the world. You
know, these are all good things for
thinking about leaning in towards risk
assets over the next year or so. I mean,
we are mindful of valuations going up
and credit spreads getting tighter
across the the bond complex. So, I think
a near-term period of consolidation
wouldn't be unwarranted. Uh, right now,
it's just figuring out what would
actually trigger that. Is it going to be
some sort of macro growth shock, a
repricing of the outlook for Fed policy
rates and move higher in bond yields?
It's kind of figuring out what would
cause the market to sell off right now
when there is so much positive momentum
out there.
>> Is there anything visible to you as far
as potential risks or yeah, catalyst to
what when it comes to that that growth
sock is the one we'd be most focused on
right now. Obviously, there's always
policy when we think about the the
narrative we hear out of Washington, but
I think if we look at the say the
non-farm payrolls numbers, any further
signs of excessive weakness in the
economy, that fading of that
recessionary fear has been a big driver
of markets. If that started to creep
back, we'd start to think more around
the outlook for earnings which has been
underpinning the market rally. or if we
did see a big repricing in terms of
we've got a lot of better growth coming
out of the US. If inflation gets up a
bit, we don't see that fall in the jobs
market, maybe the market starts to price
out some of those rate cuts that have
really been again fueling the rally. And
that would be another reason to say
maybe those valuations become a little
bit harder to justify.
>> I mean, if we if we get those data
points and the jobs support, right, you
know, a shutdown, US shutdown could, you
know, uh sideline some of those data
releases, do I need to worry about this
government shutdown in the US? like h
how how far up the or or down the list
of worries should that be?
>> It's it's further down. I mean, how many
times have we been through this in terms
of the US government?
>> 14.
>> Yeah. 1981.
>> It's been a few now. The market does
become less sensitive to these things.
And it's always about the duration. So,
this could last a couple of days, it
could last a month. It's when it starts
to last longer, that's when you start to
worry about it. And in the past, the
precedent has been that, you know, any
weakness we see in the economy tends to
get unwound when, you know, workers
start to get paid again. I mean there
could be some concerns around you know
job layoffs coming into that from the
government department if that's actually
what we start to see through but I think
for the near term it's the fact that
maybe you don't get the non-farm
payrolls maybe you don't get that CPA
print CPI print becomes a little bit
harder for the market to then think
about what does the Fed what does the
the market start to digest around that
data
>> is there still an I mean are you still
hearing from clients that there's an
interest to diversify away from the US
or how's that debate evolving now
>> yeah I mean that that fading of the US
exceptionalism theme that was a big one
that came through. It's come back a
little bit. I think that's been driven
by the fact we've seen still strong
performance out of the the Mag
Magnificent 7, the Mega Cap names out of
the US. That's kind of refueled that to
a certain extent. They have been driving
the bulk of the earnings coming out of
the US. So, there's been a little bit
more towards maybe there's still more to
go in that US story. Absolutely. You're
seeing increased global diversification
towards Europe and Japan and
increasingly towards emerging markets.
You've seen the weakness in the dollar
and those rate cuts come through. So
again that valuation relative trade
between the US and the rest of the world
still very compelling to think about
other uh equity markets around the world
and building in that diversification is
some of the hedge against that risk that
you do get a bigger policy shock from
the US.
>> We're also trying to figure out to what
extent this Chinese market which has
done well has really come back into the
sort of global consciousness. Do you
based on your conversation, do you think
this stigma around China the you know
sort of the the comeback has it moved
beyond the tactical allure? In other
words, is it now back in in a very big
way?
>> I think in some regards you we're
looking at the sort of uh non- US tech
theme what we're seeing in the AI
developments in China obviously being
very different in terms of the approach
being a bit more open source and how
it's coming through. You know the fact
that the capex story is quite far behind
what we've seen in the US. you've had
we're going to have about $300 billion
in capex in sort of the the top
hyperscalers in the US. You're getting
about 50 billion out of the equivalent
ones in China. So, a lot of room for
catchup. So, I think that's something
where you can see more of a longerterm
secular theme playing through in terms
of the China outlook. Beyond that, there
are still some concerns around, you
know, where's the fiscal support coming
through? How well will this
anti-evolution policy actually play out
in driving profits higher? And in the
meantime, you still have, you know,
fairly moderate outlook for growth
coming through that's sort of below that
5% target. So, I mean, it seems like
right now it's all liquidity driven.
Might we see something where there's a
pivot to growth now where you're
starting to see anti-evolution campaign?
You're starting to see these efforts to
really curb over capacity really play
through in earnings that you could
actually see some sort of earningsled
recovery. Would that change your mind
when it comes to
>> Yeah, I mean earnings have been pretty
low. They're sort of coming off the
bottom. I think you really need to see a
greater justification. and it really
needs to see the the proof in the
pudding as it were with China relative
to other markets where the expectations
are a bit higher. But I think with China
investors are still looking at and
saying I kind of need to see these
policies evolve and I need to see the
the proof that they're actually working.
But I still think there's an interest in
uh the fact that you do get a Chinese
market where equity is uncorrelated with
what you see in the other world. It does
provide a diversification benefit and
there are pockets of interest there. But
you know, we look around the world. Is
it as compelling as say what we're
seeing through the Asian tech cycle in
terms of South Korea and Taiwan? Yeah,
it still fits into that narrative.
Again, it's broader diversification that
we see being being built into
portfolios.
>> I mean, it let me take advantage of you
being here. Uh there's an RBA rate
position today. Uh mining's come back in
a very big way as a theme. You look at
gold for example, Ion or has been
pushing I think 106 107. So, how do I
look at the Aussie market right in light
of policy and momentum? Well, that was
the equity market. Obviously, valuations
again are a bit of an issue. The
concentration in that given that's been
driven by banks and a few other
companies is really something that's
come up before. That's not unusual
though for an Australian investor to
have that concentration risk has
obviously been around the tax benefits
investing in those companies that are
high dividend earners that get tax
benefits with that. I think the
realization is though that if we look
around the world, we look at the
relatively low earnings growth estimates
for Australia, it's probably more likely
to be a funding source than anything
else for looking at better
opportunities. Uh and if we think that
back in terms of what the RBA is doing,
they have been very cautious around
their policy easing cycle. They were
very gradual on the way up. They've been
very gradual on the way down. The
inflation numbers that came out a little
bit higher than expected. Growth been
doing a little bit better. Retail sales
a bit better. I think they'll be
hesitant to want to signal further
easing from here. However, I do think
they will have another rate cut uh in
November when they meet, when they get
more of the quarterly inflation print in
line and they can really actually say,
"Yep, we're heading towards what we
think is the appropriate round of
inflation and growth in the economy."
Uh, and we're still relatively
restrictive when it comes to the policy
rate.
>> Carrie, thank you for taking the time to
carve out some of your time, of course,
to see us here. Carrie Craig there,
global market strategist at JP Morgan
Asset Management. Okay. uh the listing
this massive IPO. We're now looking at a
price official price in the pre-markets
56%
>> to the upside on Zjing Gold coming up on
your screens very very shortly. There we
go.
>> That is a good day uh to come and before
markets are shut in China, right? So
before that golden week holiday. So
things looking pretty golden for gold as
we continue in the rest of the
pre-market. Now as we talk about right,
we're hitting some pretty good surprises
when it comes to MSEI China here as
well. A fifth month of gains potential
that we're set to gain as well. Plenty
more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
President Trump and Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu have agreed
to a 20point plan designed to end the
war in Gaza, but it is unclear if Hamas
will accept the proposal, which calls
for the group to relinquish control of
Gaza and release all hostages. Let's
bring in Derek Wbank, our senior editor,
joining us right now to talk us through
this 20point plan and the at least there
is a path towards that outcome. Derek,
uh what do we know and where does this
go?
>> Well, yeah, maybe David and the key
question is whether or not Hamas is
going to agree to any or all of this.
They're going to be under a tremendous
amount of pressure so to do. Um but this
works out to being essentially a 20point
plan proposed by President Donald Trump
uh that he's gotten Israel to agree
with. Now, not everything in here is
some are things that Benjamin
Netanyahu's necessarily wanted, but the
basic gist of this uh offer that the
president is making is take it or leave
it. Um he he said in in no uncertain
terms that Israel would have as quote
full backing to finish the job if Hamas
rejected the offer. Right? So, so the
the stakes of this are are fairly clear,
but the idea here is a sort of managed
transition, a um sort of technocratic
uh state uh management sort of system um
that would come in that Trump would be a
part of this. Uh uh former British Prime
Minister Tony Blair would be a part of
this. Uh the idea is that Hamas would
give up all of the uh hostages. Uh there
would be a prisoner exchange. they would
give up all of the um all of the
hostages bodies for those who are no
longer alive as well. Um Israel would
have a prisoner release as well. So
there's a lot of that, but this adds
contours to something that really has
already been rejected, but it is put in
a sort of take it or leave it kind of uh
of of basket.
>> Yeah, a new approach uh from the Trump
administration it seems as well. We'll
see if Hamas has any sort of response.
Derek, thank you. Darren Walban there a
senior editor joining us out of San
Francisco. Uh as we we move away from
the geopolitics we're talking a little
bit more about uh these markets in China
and it looks like we are continuing on
with this rally with the hang up about a
fifth of 1%. We're still watching Zing
Gold. That one is up was up some 50% or
so in the pre-market as well. Kind of
following the moves that we saw in the
gray market overnight. HS Tech once
again having a good day. There you go.
55% gains for Zene Gold.
>> Yeah, what a time to list. This is
really the intersection of many of the
major bullish themes in the markets this
year. Whether that's gold, whether
that's fundraising of course and the
company that intersects really is this
one right here.
>> Yeah. And you talk about the the
valuation, right? It's about a discount
about 20 or some percent from the global
peers. So, you know, there is some
potentially some more uh leg here legs
here when it comes to where this stock
can go and a bit of catch up here. So,
yes, we'll have much more coming through
live from the Hong Kong Exchange when it
comes to digital, the banging of the
gong coming up next. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. Quite a big one as we approach the
open today. Uh, Zujin Gold is set to
debut. We're up 55% give or take in the
pre-markets. And does it matter if that
gong is brass or bronze? Because truly
in a couple of seconds, we'll be getting
a truly golden moment there.
>> They should have added some gold to it,
shouldn't they?
>> Just for the occasion.
>> Maybe to mark the one-year anniversary
after this.
>> Oh, yeah. Um, but certainly there's, you
know, record highs for gold. Certainly,
the timing is just perfect here as well.
Of course, they do, you know, this is
the spin-off for in some ways to their
international assets. So, yeah, they've
got a chunk of money now that they can
do in terms of acquisitions and the
like, but certainly a lot of
anticipation from this as well. We
talked about that valuation discount
from its global peers. It's about 20 or
some percent according to the eye. There
we go. I missed it. Sorry.
>> That's okay. There'll be one tomorrow.
>> Do it a few times. We got three up
there.
>> There you go. $3.2 $22 billion raise
there from Zing Gold and you know today
we continue to see punchy punchy gains
when it comes to this company and now
Hong Kong can say that they have had two
of the largest listings in the world
this year right Zigene gold and CL back
in May this is the IPO of course which
is Zing gold so certainly this is a big
one
>> yeah okay um we're looking at as you
sort of digest some of these pictures
and the ceremonies taking place there at
HKX and we're also looking at the open
it's also that time where we are getting
the PMI numbers coming through and so
let me just go through some of the
numbers and in about 15 minutes or so
we'll be getting another set of course
the private numbers but before we get to
that okay 49.8
is the manufacturing PMI numbers this is
for September obviously going into the
uh last session last calendar date of
the month non-manufacturing coming in
slightly below estimates of at 50
estimates were for 50.2 too. Um, I
should also note that the manufacturing
one came in slightly ahead of estimates
at 49.8, but still obviously uh in
contraction territory, which I believe
is the sixth month that we've seen a
sub50 read on manufacturing and I think
we've really yet to see what the details
are looking like as far as the sort of
sub components are concerned.
>> Yeah, I I from a blooper economics, they
were expecting, you know, even a weaker
print, but you know, they say that there
is a further slowdown here. policy seems
to be fading in some ways and
construction I mean you're actually past
the peak season now so construction may
keep shrinking uh in what should be the
peak season right now so signaling you
know policy support is very much needed
uh especially when we talk about
investment right what we saw in
investment in the last uh data dump
there was that things were looking
pretty slow there so despite this market
rally that we're seeing services also
probably lost steam as the summer travel
ended as well so that's one to watch
here of course as look at the
non-manufacturing side of things.
>> Yeah. Okay. So, we're looking at the
open as well. So, the page piece very
quickly on Hong Kong markets as we were
pointing out the best quarter for
Chinese stocks in about a quarter. So,
speaking of listings coming up very
shortly as well. So, we we'll talk about
this big one in a moment. Uh but you
have two other companies that have filed
for Hong Kong listings uh in fact as
right after the close yesterday. So,
those two companies are coming up on
your screens very shortly. One is listed
in Shenzhen, the owner is listed in
Shanghai. And we are seeing some upside
in both those ones of course u on the
back of those filings. And speaking of
one that has made it to market IPOs done
they've raised quite a bit of money. And
I think when you look at the how the
price is doing in the first session of
as a traded company you got to wonder if
you're a banker did I leave some money
on the table here looking at 65% up
>> in the shares. There we go. $118
uh dollars a pop up 47 bucks on the
first.
>> Let's bring in our correspondent M low.
She joins us live from the Hong Kong
Exchange on this very good day. M for
Zing Gold.
>> Yes indeed. Share price continuing to
gain in the opening moments of the start
of the trading session and you saw the
gong ceremony earlier. It's a really
proud moment for Tin Mining. I heard the
speech by the executive director of Zin
Mini. He was talking about how this is
an important milestone for the company.
He recalled the moment in 2003 when Suzi
Mining first listed here in Hong Kong.
And he talked about how the market cap
of the company has flipped about 197
times since then and now it's another
milestone as they spin off another
subsidiary the gold into a separate
listed entity. And demand as you can see
with the share price it's been very very
strong. The company has also managed to
secure a very strong lineup of
institutional investors including the
Singapore uh National Sovereign Wealth
Fund GIC as well as the likes of Black
Rockck, Fidelity, Hill House Investments
really helping to solidify Hong Kong as
that largest IPO market this year.
>> Okay, Minman, fantastic. Minman Lo
there, our China correspondent at the uh
floor of the stock exchange ushering in
yet again um another gold well this
specifically literally a golden listing
here. Uh we'll have in fact more on this
in a moment uh on Zjin Gold specifically
really and what this means for the
company the unit that was where it was
carved out from and of course Jeffre
comes on as well and really when you get
a stock price gain like today 65% what
is the appropriate multiple longer term
that investors should be attaching to a
price like this outside and uh days
after the exuberance sort of fades away
okay um speaking of a golden time to
list it's been really good to be of
course long these markets and with a
rally in Chinese stocks flows into Hong
Kong listed ETFs have surged over 180%
first eight months 183% specifically for
the first eight months of the year
compared to the same period last year
it's about a growing investor appetite
here
>> yeah when it comes to Chinese tech and
and that in particular is sort of the
darling trade here right um and for
major ETF provider CEO Asset Management
SC CSOP I should say they've been seeing
the AUM of its ETF tracking the hangen
tech index doubling from the start of
the year. Joining us exclusively on set
now is the CEO Dingch Chen. Ding Chen,
it's always great to have you. It's been
a busy year, very exciting year with you
given with ETF Connect and the like.
You're just about to launch a few more
ETFs. I think four in total have already
been planned. How how has business been
so far?
>> Thanks and David to having me here
today. Uh so the business as you said
business is booming and it's incredibly
good uh for 22 uh 20 uh 25
>> and uh like you said our flagship uh
product 3033 uh hensen tech index ETF uh
double the AOM and also the performance
is very very stunning uh uh these
products up more than 40% for this year
and also we have some other uh very
interesting products because of
investors uh you know attention uh goes
to tech and other you know like biotech
as well
>> uh because uh Hensson tech everybody
talking about that every day so I I want
to spend a little bit time talking about
the botech or I think that is the future
stock
>> so the tick is 13 uh 3174 it's a hensen
baltech uh ETF so for that specific ETF
this year to goes up more than 100% uh
the performance and also the AUM goes up
like 3.5 times uh compared with uh the
uh for the uh year end of 2024 and I
think behind the thing is uh these
specific products is because first of
all people have uh lift up their
expectations because of the AI
implementation
on the pharmaceutical industry. uh
second uh big uh reasons for that uh
push up is because you know the US
pharmaceutical company dominate the the
industry but for recent years they are
facing significant
um sort of patent cliff they don't have
uh much patent uh to use uh so they
began to purchase patents from other
countries so for this year they already
purchased like 50 billion uh dollars
patent
>> and probably you remember uh this year
uh Faser uh purchased uh a patent from u
uh 3S B.
>> Yes.
>> So like 1.25 billion. So those companies
they're not that big. So this sort of uh
uh catalyst is really uh trading up you
know uh make the the the share price
goes up quite a lot. uh also uh uh I
think you know China economy is because
in the past it's only like a labor
benefit right now it's engineering
benefit uh for instance like a CXO
engineer uh in US compared with uh China
the China cost is like one6 of uh the US
cost so that means there's a lot of
acquisition sort of activities happening
in that industry and also probably
people were concerned like uh you know
the geopolitic tension between China and
the US,
>> right?
>> Uh there was a lot of but you you you
can see uh at early of this year um
Trump administration also tried to pass
a bio secure act in US but that act
fails. So that demonstrate like the
pharmaceutical companies in the US they
really have the big lobbying uh power
you know to can protect their their free
trade or their their their industry. So
we will see you know that one is also
you know in the future will draw more
and more attention as well
>> you know as certainly investor interest
not just from mainland China but global
investors have returned to to the Hong
Kong markets. How are you planning your
business around this renewed attention
that's back to Hong Kong as you look
into the fourth quarter into next year?
Are there specific strategies or tweaks
to your strategy that you're looking to
do as a business?
>> Yeah. So, I think for this year where we
will say, you know, Hong Kong, China
really begins to go back to the the
center of global capital markets, we can
see more and more interest coming from
especially region countries. So recently
we went to Korean
>> uh to have a road show. We find out you
know the people are enthusiasm about
China economy, China's AI because people
feels like obviously like uh Ivan just
said you know those uh uh those AI are
trading darings for investors. So people
will see like for for us obviously they
have a lot of innovations a lot of new
products a lot of new things from supply
side they have a lot of things comes out
but you know if you have try to have a
deal or trade you need to have supply
also demand.
>> So in between of this you have to have
something you know very good the
applications to make a deal. So people
will see like Chinese in the past in the
web two you know Chinese companies
always can can produce the best uh
application uh like um uh you know
tensing, Alibaba, Tik Tok. So people
will see you know in the future they
they don't want to miss the opportunity
from China and Hong Kong you know we
have a lot of IPOs you can see like IPO
is like u
>> every hour
>> every hour every days right
>> so
because you know for this year we have a
lot of significant companies to come to
the town and make Hong Kong you know in
the past Hong Kong is a proxy of
mainland China's uh capital markets or
economy but right now more and more
important company comes to listed on
Hong Kong. So make Hong Kong's uh
capital market the depth of the markets
significantly improved and people will
view this as a really hub to invest into
China. So I would say it's a long-term
you know I'm very positive to Hong Kong.
So that's the you know that's the thing
when we go out to to do the marketing uh
people are very getting very very
interesting to Hong Kong and also
participate in those you know IPOs.
Yeah.
>> Yeah. and and tell us who these ETFs
that you're about to launch. I think
there's a Hangen US tech one coming up
as well.
>> What what's the client type that you're
targeting? Is is it the institutional
investor? Is it retail or is it more of
these wealth management sort of
platforms?
>> I think they they are all our target
clients. So in COP we probably have uh
the roughly the institution versus
retail is like 55 uh 54 55 is coming
from uh retail and the rest is coming
from institution. So we'll see that more
and more you know people retail and
institutions are getting into uh this
market. Yeah,
>> the a lot of the reason why things have
worked in the markets this year is
because there's been so much liquidity
in the market, right? The reason IPOs
can get absorbed, reason why ETFs like
the ones you guys launch are so
wellreceived. Is there any reason to
believe the liquidity
uh taps end or is that an assumption
that you think industry market players
can expect to continue well into next
year that there will be this abundance
of liquidity in Hong Kong?
>> Yeah. Yeah, you're very right. So the
liquidity is the main reason to drive
this market uh you know to up towards
and I think you know they will continue
for a period of time. The reason is
because the Fed is cutting their
interest rate. People are pretty much
you know from retail institutions they
are all on the risk on mood. Mhm.
>> So people are more willing to put their
money you know get rid of from uh from
from the banking account to to like the
stock market especially you know in
China you know China the rates is very
low and we will see but
>> we are still not to see the major trend
from like uh the
>> the bank savings
>> the back savings uh relocate to to to
the to the uh capital markets but we
will see that so I think it relatively
yeah
>> do you think We're just at the beginning
of that just as a final question to and
what what's what's the strongest sign
that savers are about to unleash those
bank savings into the market?
>> I think yeah from from mainland China we
didn't you know see that trend we see
that trend begins not see the major wave
comes yet
>> uh from other country probably are
different
>> right
>> but from China or Hong Kong markets this
are slightly different. So you know uh
past for past decades the the biggest uh
trend for the global economy is
globalization right so right now is
probably fragmentation
>> it will be trend so people try to
diversify so that's why we'll see you
know the liquidity not from domestic but
also from outside of China or Hong Kong
will come to to try to do the
diversification as well
>> Chen it's great to have you CEO of CSOP
asset management joining us here in our
studio Studios coming up. Huawei is said
to be planning to double its output of
its highest level chips to challenge
Avidia's dominance. We have details of
that scoop coming up next. This is
Bloomberg
[Music]
rating dog. Yeah, that's the data set
that previously was known as the Taiishi
numbers, right? Am I correct? But
anyway, that's the one that's coming
out. This is a private PMI survey that's
out
>> and the September print is coming in
well above the estimates of 50.2. So I
think this is largely in line with the
official numbers which also came in
slightly above the expectations here.
>> So non-manufacturing was still above so
50 at least, right? So 52.9 on the
services on the private side uh
certainly is a pretty good number and
yes maybe it's a good indication of how
this golden week holiday is going to
fare in these eight days right so
certainly there you go we're seeing a
little bit of movement in the remen
though it looks like it's more about
reversing some of the initial strength
here right now but uh in particular
we're watching we just talking to Ding
Chun about you know this whole AI trade
and how everyone's really capitalizing
on some of these ETFs here as well take
a look at how these China chip stocks
are doing so there's been some updates
right so there was a deepseek model
update. That was one thing. Then there
was now this Huawei story, right? So,
according to our sources, we've been
told that the tech giant is about to
give a boost when it comes to their
output. A double of its output of its
top AI chip that certainly is boosting
sentiment across the sector. There you
go. Huah Semi is up close to 5%. SMIC is
up some 3%. Let's bring in our Asia tech
correspondent Annabelle Jewelers here on
this scoop that we just talked about.
I mean doubling output is certainly a
headline that grabs attentions but what
do we know so far what what they can do?
>> It's such a great story from Gauan over
in Singapore. So that yeah it is a
Bloomberg scoop for us. So what this
relates to is the Huawei Ascend series.
So Ascend is is the line of of AI
processors that have been designed
specifically for AI workloads. And the
chip we're talking about here is the
910C Ascend chip. And as you said
they're looking to double production
next year. So this year you're around
300 to 350,000 different chips. Next
year they're looking to go to 600,000.
>> If they are able to do that, because
this is our scoop, we're hearing this
from sources. But if they can do that,
it's a sign that they're managing to
find workarounds with their main
foundry. That's SMIC of course, but
finding those workarounds because this
is a company that's faced extensive
restrictions, sanctions from the US as
well. And so yeah, it it would be quite
an incredible uh story especially in the
highlight or in the backdrop of of what
is the Nvidia story in China which is of
course a sort of not necessarily a
retreat but but certainly pressure that
Beijing is putting on companies to not
be buying Nvidia products. So Huawei
looking to fill a little bit of that gap
>> and it's not like they this was a flip
of the switch. Output had been
improving.
>> Yeah.
We saw that even over the summer months.
We were hearing that output was was
getting better and and you're starting
to hear as well. I mean this year or
this this quarter particularly we've
we've just got so many more updates on
advancements and innovations that you're
seeing from say chip equipment
manufacturers in China because that's a
key bottleneck. But there are big
restrictions that this company faces and
you can't really uh look past those as
well. I mean it's still stuck at 7
nanometer production. You compare that
to TSMC that's supposed to be ramping up
to 2 nanometer production just this
quarter. That's a big gap. Uh it still
faces big big equipment shortages as
well because the most advanced is EUV
extreme ultraviolet lithography machines
that you get from ASML. They can't
access those. They're on deep
ultraviolet technology or DUV instead
and and that leads to lower yields
essentially because the production
quality is inferior. Another issue is
with access to HBM. That's a story
dominated by Micron, SKHEX, Samsung. So
issues there. So they've kind of had to
pursue a a sort of different
architecture for their chips as well
that's more of a network-based strategy
uh rather than single chip performance
which they say leads to ultimately
a a a product that has similar
performance but but it is certainly more
complex and more energy intensive and
not something necessarily that is
something that partners want to see
outside of China but I mean the view
from our uh Bloomberg intelligence team
as well is that this is something again
companies like Tencent, Alibaba uh BU
that are facing ing chip shortages,
Huawei can be an option.
>> Still not enough though, they said to
fill the demand.
>> No. Well, it's 2.5 million chips this
year in China according to our estimates
and Huawei could be looking at 1.6
million dyes next year. So, yeah, that's
that is a gap of course. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Of about Okay. I wonder who fills
that then. Bel, thank you so much.
Annabelle Jewelers there, our tech
correspondent there. In fact, I think on
the weekend Jensen Hong was talking
about I think this was on a
>> podcast
>> podcast, right? That that China's
nanoseconds simply just nanconds behind
the United States. This is really one
part of the bigger puzzle we're trying
to fit in today of course around US
China and Taiwan. Uh and really that
goes into TSMC versus SMIC and Karishma
Vaswani of course has a speech. She'll
be joining us later on to really help us
unpack really the broader geopolitical
implications of all of this. the grand
plan that Bel just lined up just there
and how that fits into this rivalry for
semiconductor supremacy. That's coming
up in the next hour of the China show.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. just recap some of
the data coming through that's come
through this hour so far. Generally
okay. I think it's uh one of those
instances kind of reminds me know when I
went home with my decent report card
that coming in slightly slightly above
what was expected. Not a blockbuster
number that would merit I guess a
massive gift from the parents but yeah
it was something that certainly wouldn't
u mean them pointing to the door and
disowning me. But yeah, decent set of
numbers coming through here.
>> Yeah. I mean still you're starting to
see that slump right 6 months in the
factory activity that is the longest
that we've seen since 2019 so that
certainly is something of concern right
and whether we are going to see that
sort of policy push in the back half of
this year it seems like according to our
survey uh you know most are not that
optimistic that we're going to see some
substantial sort of stimulus and support
here as well but yes another check of
markets we're watching still gold prices
and the like right and ziging gold
certainly is the spotlight here today
soaring in that Hong Kong debut after
the world's largest IPO since May. There
you go. Close to 60% gains. The dig gold
>> looks like it's outperforming its peers
currently. More on this, plus the
economy in a moment. The second hour of
the China show is coming up.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China show. A look
at the HSI half hour into the session
and yes, we're we're coming on the back
of the last day of trade before that
golden week holiday. So there you go. Uh
China Chinese markets will be shut for
eight days. You're seeing the hang still
seeing some decent gains here as we
countdown to that long holiday. So we're
leading into the end of this on a pretty
risky sort of sentiment overall. And you
got to thank the tech space, the chip
space, even the gold space here today,
Dave. Yeah, it doesn't seem like we're
heading into a holiday a holiday at all,
right? When usually it's volumes are
lower and of course price is slightly to
the downside. I think there's some
fireworks as well here in Hong Kong
tomorrow. I I saw something that block
well certainly we're going to miss that
but yes, we can look at that the day
after the uh well the story across these
markets. Yeah. So there's there's
obviously the rally taking place here in
Hong Kong. It's the best quarter I
believe in in about a year or so. Uh
we're also looking specifically at
energy stocks and this is really on the
back of why oil it continues not to uh
see more upside. So certainly there is
money being taken up the table as far as
these energy plays are concerned. This
is regional a regional snapsh snapshot
uh of many of those things. Uh very
quickly just a broad read across these
markets as we head into the thick of the
Tuesday session. You have Jakarta coming
online. It's worth worth also pointing
out that the benchmark today is getting
a lift. So you have Hong Kong number one
and number two is you have Taiwan coming
back online and that market as you can
see is at 1.2%. So these concerns around
what happens with the Taiwan question
>> um certainly not playing out in equity
market certainly might be the opposite
>> uh effect that we're seeing here today
too. brush the geopolitics aside, right?
Uh despite what Howard Lutn was saying
that, you know, Taiwan should help
>> make chips
>> in the US. In the US, half it,
>> you're seeing TSMC right now trading at
one and a half% higher and really kind
of lifting the TYX here this morning. So
there you go. Uh in terms of what we're
watching out for, you know, it is still
MSEI China and and you know, five months
of gains that we're set to gain. Really,
it looks like today we're we're set for
that, right? after six months of gains
for for a of global equities overall.
So, it's been a good quarter uh for
China. The key thing is are is the
sentiment changing a little bit now,
right? You know, is the data starting to
look a little bit better to help maybe
keep this market a little bit more
longerlasting in terms of this rally,
right? The PMI numbers that we got, it
was good, good enough.
>> Maybe not not falling off a cliff like
the last set of PMIs, but at least
things are looking okay.
>> And if you add that to I think what you
covered yesterday with industrial
profits numbers coming in,
>> surprisingly, just blew past the
estimates as well, right? So, you are
starting to see uh some of the policies
bearing fruit, early fruit,
>> maybe some some growth.
>> Yeah.
>> Pivot to growth. This whole reflation
theme seems to be maybe seeing the start
of it in some ways. Yeah. The data.
>> We'll see what Helen Child says. She'll
be joining us later on in shows to give
us really the economic overlay of what's
really been a surprising set of economic
numbers that's come through so far. Now,
all that being said, as far as are we
fraught with risk, it's very difficult
to uh we asked that question earlier on
to Carrie Craig. It's very difficult to
pinpoint one specific potential catalyst
like what is a known unknown so far. U
obviously very short term is around this
time tomorrow the US government likely
shuts down based on the current news
flow. Uh gold is one reason well that is
one reason why gold is continuing uh to
rally today. Another record another day
another record here for gold prices.
Yeah, it seems like gold is the play to
express this sort of concerns about this
US shutdown which of course if it does
happen we still have about what 12 hours
or so uh or a little bit more 14 hours
before that deadline you know if we
don't see any sort of resolution there
this does impact the bond market
particularly when it comes US jobs
report right because they might not be
able to release it in time on Friday the
uncertainty itself we were talking to
Gareth Nicholson from Namura yesterday
the uncertainty of not having that data
is probably going to have spark a bigger
reaction than the data itself. That was
his interpretation of it as well. So, a
lot of implications of what this US
government shutdown could could could
lead to when it comes to the market
impact. But yeah, that's why you're
seeing gold is at 3850 right now. Silver
is also continuing that rally here.
Palladium is is flat this morning. But
it brings us to gold, right? It's the
perfect day to list when you have gold
prices at records. We're talking about
60% gains on the first day of trade for
Zing gold. This is of course Zing
Minings. Uh they hold the international
gold assets for the group as well. Here
to join us now is Shu Hong Jang, China
basic materials equity research analyst
at Jeffre. Shuhong, it's great to have
you. Um I talk we talking about 50 60%
gains already in the first day of trade.
I I got to wonder how much more upside
is there in this stock now?
Um I I think some investors might have
concerns whether they can this rally. Uh
for me I think if you look longer term
there's still room to go. So uh to start
with if uh at so our earnings focus for
the gold for 2026 based on $3400 US per
ounce price uh uh the stock is currently
trading at about uh 20 times but uh as
you mentioned that the uh gold spot
price has already gone to uh 35 uh 38550
then that means at this price level the
um the key multiple pop for next year is
uh say around 18 times only. So uh if we
look at the global peers or just uh
peers in Hong Kong, China, it's trading
at uh about 20 times. So um if uh so as
the gold we believe that is the best
quality gold mining companies in Hong
Kong China markets. So for me, I
wouldn't be surprised if investors are
willing to give some premium on this uh
on this uh on this name. So uh that to
speak uh for me it's uh uh still have
around like uh 20 time uh 20% of upside
and if you uh this is very near term. So
if you look at even longer term um the
company still have uh a lot of uh uh
opportunities to do M&As and they can
acquire uh further gold assets in the
future. So that still uh have for this
company still have room to go grow in
the longer term. Yeah.
M
>> all right. Can I just pick up on
something you just mentioned there that
this is this company is the best gold
play in greater Chinese markets. Can you
tell us why?
>> Yeah because I think u for many people
like uh the company's uh management
because it's a very has a very strong
technical background and if you look at
the company's history it is very good at
uh doing this turning around stories. So
I look back in the history company
acquired uh so for the Zingo most of the
assets they currently own is acquired.
So um a few uh there there are a few
mines that when the first acquired uh it
was like suspended due to operation
issues or uh they were making making
losses but due to the has this very
strong uh operation management and
technical background they are able to
turn around these assets and turn it
into profits within one to two years. So
that speaks uh so this very strong track
record um gives uh people confidence uh
that uh it can uh uh for the it can run
the these assets to its best potential
uh and compared to some uh like other
mining companies uh the is indeed the
best if you look at the track track
record so I I think that's why uh
investors uh do have this view and we
share this view as well.
um how are you looking at the
acquisition side of things? Right. You
mentioned that they they do have a good
track record of of finding these very
high potential mines and buying them at
a pretty low cost in terms of
exploration the like. What what sort of
what would you like to see from the
company?
Um so there's a lot of potential uh in
the company not only uh uh in in terms
of future M&As but also in terms of the
existing assets that on hand. So uh with
the capital raise uh in this IPO like
50% of it is expected to be uh used on
exploration projects on this existing uh
projects. So uh take for example the AAM
uh gold mine that they uh they announced
to acquire last uh last October and
completed this April. Um they uh the
like the cut off grade uh and the um
like the price assumption was relatively
low uh when uh uh didn't lead to that uh
big resources when they first acquired
say they were only looking at say uh 80
tons were uh if you look uh include a
bigger scope 170 tons of resources but
for the day see potential to increase
that to say around 400 tons. So that
means they can really explore the uh
potentials of these assets uh by uh uh
taking advantage of their uh like uh
really uh adventurous uh techni uh
exploration technicals and uh uh they
see really see the potentials in those
gold mines.
uh Shuha just to uh broaden or look at
specifically the Zujin Mining and I I
know you have a price target there
currently at just below 30 bucks. It's
now trading at 33. And how do investors
need to be differentiating these two
stocks
um from an investing point of view? And
do you think you're do you need to raise
your change or raise your price targets
because the stock has clearly blown
through uh your 12-month target for
that?
Yeah, I think for the de mining uh
so copper and gold price went uh beyond
I I I think when people's uh went beyond
people's expectation uh uh earlier so um
I I think uh me myself included the
stream probably have to uh raise their
audience forecast in the future and u in
choosing between the zing gold and the
mining um I I think that partly related
to investors preference whether they
want to have a pure gold play or they
want to have a more balanced uh
investment in both gold and copper and
also one of the reason that the mining
pursued this uh spin-off IPO is also to
uh achieve value discovery. So uh before
uh the spin-off IPO were if we look back
a few weeks or few months ago uh the
dimin mining on total is trading at I
would say below 15 times u PE earnings
and for uh mining company in Hong Kong
China market with this quality I would
say that's uh really undervalued and uh
if you look at pure uh gold gold mining
companies it's usually trading as uh as
we uh discussed earlier about 20 times.
So uh with this uh spin-off IPO I I
think um people would also realize that
the um asset uh the asset value in the
both for its gold or uh its copper
assets. So say if we strip off the gold
uh uh gold assets in uh the mining and
assume that the uh domestic and over uh
domestic gold mines uh trade at the same
multiple as uh international gold mines
then the remaining copper uh value
within the is below 10 times. So that's
extremely low and uh I think that will
also lead to some revaluation for the
money as well.
>> Thanks. Yeah, whether it's a pure gold
play or you know mix of copper, but
yeah, the sensitivity to the gold price
and like is certainly one we're going to
be watching out for as well. Shuhong
Jan, thank you so much. Our China basic
the basic materials equity research
analyst at Jeff. Uh we got plenty more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. Around this time
tomorrow, likely US government shutdown,
about we're talking about 13 hours and
45 minutes. Uh we're weaker across
slightly weaker across the curve as you
can see a bit of uh steepening uh as
well. Uh let's bring in Mark Cranfield
out of Singapore out of our M live team
to help us understand the trading
actions so far and what this runway mark
looks like going into what now seems to
be the 15th US government shutdown since
1981.
>> Well, at least traders have got plenty
of experience of how to deal with these
these shutdowns. So you can look at the
old playbooks and uh I mean the the
bottom line really from a from a
short-term point of view is that bond
traders especially when they when they
look at a shutdown they will say well
that means that the US government isn't
going to spend as much money yields
going to come down that's positive for
the market from that point of view but
if you look at the and that's also
negative for the US dollar obviously as
well if you look at the overall themes
which are really driving financial
markets particularly from the equity
point of view you got things like these
AI narrative which appears to have quite
a way to go before people get tired of
it, before they think it's fully priced
into market. So, a short-term government
shutdown isn't really going to do much
make much difference to that.
Particularly when you got the earning
season coming up very soon, investors
will be optimistic that the big tech
companies are going to continue to
produce very decent profits. So, unless
it's an very long protracted shutdown,
it doesn't mean a great deal to
financial markets. If we're still
discussing it in a month's time, maybe
it really will be a bit more
significant. If it's just for a few
days, investors will probably look
through it and look at the other factors
which are driving have been driving
markets for a while and will probably
continue to do so right through the rest
of this year.
>> Yeah. And it's Chinese markets in
particular, right, Mark? It was this
time yesterday we're talking about it's
quite rare to see, you know, volumes and
everything turnover look like this, you
know, leading up to a Golden Week
holiday. And we're seeing that in some
ways today once again on the last day
before things shut. How should I be
interpreting this especially when we got
that PMI number out of China now too?
>> Uh this is FOMO. This is a very unusual
occurrence going as you say going into a
national day holiday. But if you're an
investor in Chinese stocks and you can
see what's going on in the rest of the
world. You can also see how the the
stories in China are quite positive. You
got shame boosting its output as well of
chips. The risk is that you go away for
a week, Chinese markets are closed, and
you come back and the and the rest of
the world has moved on 3, four, 5% and
you're playing catch-up. So, it's a rare
situation where very few investors in
Chinese markets would want to reduce
exposure ahead of the holiday because
they'll probably have to catch up and
buy even more when they come back
afterwards. is not something we we see
very often, but it is the the dominating
force for the moment. Of course, there's
always geopolitical risk in the
background, but there's positive news.
There's a report that President Xi is
likely to go to the APEC meeting and
meet with President Trump. That's a good
thing for Chinese markets as well. And
that PMI data, although the headline
manufacturing was below 50, has been
improving steadily since the trough we
saw in April. And the private sector
numbers are also pretty decent as well.
So overall, there's nothing really to
dent the mood of investors for the time
being as far as the greater China
markets are concerned. And so just
because you happen to have a holiday
coming, it doesn't mean that people will
head to the sidelines straight away.
>> Mark, thank you so much. Mark Cranfield
there um out of Singapore for us as we
go into the last few hours before we
head into of course that uh week-long
holiday. So we were speaking with Kerry
Craig earlier on from JP Morgan Asset
Management. We asked him effectively
when how do you look at this Chinese
market now and what risks are visible if
at all uh when you look at try and
figure out the calculus as we again go
into the last three months of the year.
Have a listen to how he phrased that
answer.
>> You know the fact that the capex story
is quite far behind what we've seen in
the US. You've had we're going to have
about $300 billion in capex in uh sort
of the the top hyperscalers in the US.
You're getting about 50 billion out of
the equivalent ones in China. So a lot
of room for catchup. So, I think that's
something where you can see more of a
longerterm secular theme playing through
in terms of the China outlook. Beyond
that, there are still some concerns
around, you know, where's the fiscal
support coming through? How well will
this anti-evolution policy actually play
out in driving profits higher? Uh, and
in the meantime, you still have, you
know, fairly moderate outlook for growth
coming through that's sort of below that
5% target.
>> Yep. So, still some risks out there on
the radar and perhaps, you know, what
does it mean for this rally, right? You
take a look at how as we gear up for
golden week, a new Bloomberg survey
finds that money managers expect the
momentum for stocks to actually taper
and fade by year end. When it comes to
CSI 300, they're expected to end this
year at around 4,675.
We're at 4,636
right now. So, we're just talking about
>> a few pointage percentage points really
here. Let's bring in our Asia Average
reporter, Bun Song. She joins us here in
our studios to to walk us through what
stood out to you in this survey. Yeah.
So, uh the survey really shows that
they're not expecting this strong rally
we are seeing right now going to
continue. So, according to the 21 uh
respondents to our survey, those are the
uh money managers and analysts, they are
expecting the CSI 300 to only gain about
1% by the end of this year and only
about 5.5% by the middle of 2026. And
for HSI, the Hansen index, it's a
similar story too. only about 2% by the
end of this year.
>> Were the results surprising? How do we
interpret this?
>> I think it is surprising considering the
strong momentum we are seeing right now
and there are also a lot of events
coming up for the next three months,
right? Uh with the golden week
consumption and also the Trump meeting
at the APAC uh and also the five-year
plan. So this probably means that there
are still a lot of uh caution on the
market right now and according to the
survey result we indeed see that uh
those uh lack of a strong policy
stimulus and also a lot more trade
uncertainties are the biggest risk for
the market.
>> Yeah we're just showing that the
catalyst here right whether it's foreign
inflows policy boost AI breakthroughs
and the like. I want to get to the
policy boost side of things because when
it comes to this upcoming five-year
plan, a lot of money managers have
different expectations of what could
come out of it and what parts of the
market could benefit. What what did you
hear on that front?
>> Yeah, actually more than half of them
are expecting AI and chip sectors to get
the biggest boost from this 5-year plan
and following with a few other sectors
including infrastructure, new energy,
vehicles, consumptions, and also real
estate. But also it's really interesting
that a lot of them are seeing AI sector
is very crowded now and according to one
of the analysts I talked to uh he says
that now the market is want wants to see
more real cash flows and not only about
announcements.
>> Ian that was fantastic. Thank you so
much Bian song there of course on the
outlook for specifically these onshore
equity markets. So we just talked about
of course the data there and this
upcoming 5-year plan. We'll get to into
all of that as well. Coming through with
uh Helen Chia will be joining us in a
couple of minutes here out of BFA. She's
of course the chief greater China
economist. Conversation is coming up at
those times. So in a couple of minutes,
this is the China show.
[Music]
Here are some stories that we're
tracking for you. This morning, Google
has agreed to pay $24.5 million to
resolve President Trump's claims that
being banished from his YouTube channel
was illegal censorship. $22 million of
the settlement will go towards the
construction of a new ballroom in the
White House, while the remainder is
going to other plaintiffs who joined
Trump in the legal action. YouTube in
2023 lifted restrictions it placed on
Trump's account after a 2-year ban
triggered by the January 6 riot. Xiaomi
is confident that its new iPhone rival
will exceed the sales of its previous
model. The firm says the phone saw
record demand immediately after its
debut last Saturday. And the company's
president says the most expensive
variant of the new 17 family, the Pro
Max was the top seller, followed by the
Pro. Xiaomi last week unveiled the new
devices to challenge Apple's iPhone 17,
touting cheaper prices and upgraded
cameras. OpenAI is reportedly preparing
to launch a new version of its Sora
video generator. According to the Wall
Street Journal, it will allow copyright
holders to opt out of having their work
appear on the generator. The report says
movie studios and other IP owners will
have to explicitly ask Open AI not to
include their copyrighted material. And
Deepseek has updated an experimental AI
model, calling it a step towards next
generation AI. The latest version of its
platform introduces a new technique
called Deep Seek Sparse Attention that's
designed to explore and optimize AI
training and operation. Deepseek is also
having prices on its software tools,
joining other Chinese startups and
slashing costs to attract users.
>> Speaking of AI, we have at least two at
least two catalysts today that were
pointing to as far as this chip rally in
China is concerned. One is of course the
we talked about the Huawei's plans in
our scoop there of it looking to
increase its output over the next two
years. The other one is this new an
update to deepsek's experimental AI
model. Uh and we're looking at again
gains in the order. I think Cambercon
was up as much as uh five six% at one
point. Still gains across the board
there. Uh we're also turning our
attention to the movies. This is the uh
tariffs on a on foreign made films and
the idea that we might see that go up to
100%. We are seeing the markets reacted
as somewhat across the region with
declines across some of the film related
stocks and Donald Trump saying u that he
reiterated his threat to impose that
amount of tariffs on foreign made
movies. It's yet to be seen though what
criteria uh they'll be using to figure
out what would constitute a foreign made
film. In any case, markets are doing
that. Plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
hands out lunch break in just a moment
here. Right now, you take a look how
things are looking. Nicke is slightly to
the downside. It's pretty boring, quiet
out there here right now. But when it
comes to Asia, you know, we are see
talking about the last day of September.
So yes, we're about to see global
equities gain for a sixth straight
month.
>> Can you believe it's Q4 of 2025 already?
>> Oh, quickly time flies. The the look
across these markets, as I was pointing,
there's really not much happening. I
think Taiwan is reopening today, so you
are getting a bit of a lift there. Uh
there are some things to talk about
within the Chinese markets.
And yeah, we're mixed on sectors. We're
getting a little bit of a lift again in
terms of the US dollar today. Um I think
dollar yen, we're knocking on the door
of 150 yet again. S&P futures though are
uh undisturbed by the prospects of a
shutdown this time uh tomorrow. In terms
of data, we did get some that support
this industrial profits narrative from I
think the weekend.
>> Yeah. So official and rating dog, we
love saying that word now. Um this is
the private gauge of course from comes
to PMI. So 50 when it comes to non-man
manufacturing PMI manufacturing PMI was
at 49.8. So uh it was better than
expected. Still in contraction though
and we're we're talking about what six
straight months in contraction now the
official gauge though as you can see
there looking a little bit better than
the official numbers.
>> Let's uh bring in Helen Child, Greater
CH, she's greater China economist at BA
Global Research here with us to help us
understand this. Is is the data starting
to turn bear fruit anti-involution what
have you have industrial profits and
then you have this but yeah ma make make
sense of this for us
>> in fact I would say the PMI today has
been unsurprising in the sense that from
the the uh supply side actually numbers
have always been holding up reasonably
good so for example if you look at IP
even in the previous three months when
fixed asset investment as well as retail
sales were weakening IP were completely
fine so if you relate IP to PMI both of
them are supply side indicators telling
us that largely you know especially the
subcomponents of production how the
industrial sector the manufacturing
sector has been doing but at the same
time I don't think that this is divorced
from the fact that we are seeing you
know investment is getting weaker and
the consumption is probably relatively
weak as well so the gap between demand
and supply still remains large
>> and yeah especially the investment side
of things in the last data dump was
quite underwhelming, right? Um
especially when you're not even seeing
the state-led sort of investment into
the economy as well. You're still
thinking that we're not going to see any
major stimulus despite the weakness in
domestic demand. Why not?
>> Exactly. I think the key is because that
in the first half we have had a
relatively solid first half at 5.3% GDP
growth and that really cut some slack
for policy makers for the second half
because the whole year growth target is
about 5.0%. So even if that they see
some deceleration in sequential terms
and year terms in the second half
there's no rush no urgency in terms of
rolling out more policy stimulus. So in
that regard our view really stands out
relative to consensus where people are
saying that oh there's got to be some
demand side stimulus otherwise growth is
going to you know collapse in the very
near term. We don't think so. Actually
demand side is not doing very well. Not
for the first month. This is already the
fourth month we're talking about but
supply side is holding up reasonably
okay from policy makers perspective full
year is almost there and then there is
no point of actually you know doing much
more at a time when you know industrial
production is still five six% PMI you
know looking pretty good and at the same
time employment if you look at a sub
index is also holding up pretty well so
in that scenario we think that this is a
muddling through without the help of
policy stimulus.
>> The next five-year plan is is coming
soon. What what do you think we should
be watching out for? What will be the
centerpiece
>> of that?
>> I think the key is probably about the uh
the the the structural reform agenda
which is more diverted to rotate the
growth driver away from investment
towards consumption. Okay.
>> So, the government is probably going to
pledge that they're going to help boost
the consumption more by expanding the uh
the uh uh social welfare system. If that
is the case, I think that potentially
looks very bullish because that's where
China is supposed to be heading to. And
by the way, you know, even probably
Treasury Secretary uh Scott Besson would
also agree that this is a good idea for
China to grow more by driven by uh
consumption. And at the same time, you
know, social welfare um you know,
expansion is always something that we
think could potentially help consumers
feel more confident when it comes to
spending. they can potentially reduce
their precautionary savings and then
spend more out of their disposable
income at services as well as goods. So
when that happens and potentially you
know there are street talks that maybe
they will set up a goal even a target to
grow private consumption by 30% in five
years. If that is the case I think that
you know the market investors would
generally be bullish.
We we've been talking about this whole
dichconomy between the markets liquidity
driven and what's going on the economy
the macro side of things and everyone
was just talking to Ding Chun about from
CSOP about this the the amount of
household savings
>> is still there they're ready to be
deployed and they they will probably
look into the the equity market as a
source of maybe deploying that capital
how are you looking at this right now do
you think that we are actually going to
see a lot of money taken out of accounts
into this sort of wealth effect that
people are expecting.
>> Well, uh good question. I would say that
at this point we are also seeing this
really widening gap between macro
fundamentals on the demand side
especially versus the uh the rallies in
the stock market and also even to a
certain extent the bond market because
um you know we're not necessarily seeing
inflation. In fact, if demand continues
to weaken and supply remains relatively
stable, the gap between the two is
probably implying more persistent
deflationary pressure. So, you know, you
can say that maybe there is more that
macro fundamentals cannot justify at the
uh at the capital market at the point
which can be better justified by the
liquidity level or its flows or
potentially macro catalyst. For example,
I would say, you know, in the near term,
what will probably, you know, uh get
investors more excited, the uh the news
of uh of a fourth plenum, uh she and
Trump meeting at the end of the month or
potentially a set of uh uh I would say
relatively weak set of activity growth
indicators that may come out um at the
end of third quarter. So basically in
two weeks time when we look at the data
and then we were like, okay, it doesn't
look necessarily that good. Would the
market worry about it or shrug it off
and move on?
>> I don't know. It looks like that right
now the sentiment is more tilting
towards the latter and uh and it more
looks forward to what could potentially
be announced for the next five years and
how about the China US relationship. So
those could potentially be the main
drivers.
>> The the the PBC released a statement I
think it was Friday on the weekend the
quarterly monetary policy statement. I
think they introduced
language around supporting the equity
market and the bond market something to
stabilize the market. How important do
you think this the market a healthy
market is in terms of economic
>> the broader mix of economic policy?
Well, David, we have to look at what
they say and also look at what they do,
right? They may say this, but we don't
know how much will be done. But indeed,
it looks like there's more focus on the
market and I think what they are trying
to to convey the message is always that
uh a financial market, a healthy
financial market, especially with a slow
bull, right? uh in stock market and and
also a a relatively healthy you know
bond market will be very helpful uh to
the the the macro fundamentals and we
believe that will be the case. Um what
they are really afraid of is seeing a
very sharp slope in either way. So
either it goes down very quickly or goes
up very quickly policy makers will be
worried as long as you are slowly you
know but surely appreach approaching a
certain level that's okay either on the
upside or a downside. So I don't
necessarily think that a policy maker
have a specific goal. Let's say Asia
going to you know 4,500. I don't think
there is anything like that but they are
more uh caring about let's see the slope
of changes and also like what uh um
Ivonne was saying earlier uh whether the
for for for households whether they are
relocating their long-term s savings
towards some somewhere that can earn
them better and safer uh you know
returns in the long term. Golden week's
coming up. Are you optimistic? Are you
I'm not traveling.
>> Are you optimistic about what what we
could see in these next eight days?
>> Well, I think that what is coming out is
potentially going to look reasonably
good. Um I think that at this point
people when they're not necessarily
thinking about buying properties more
are actually diverting their disposable
income into services such as traveling.
So when people are you know we were I
was just in in London recently a lot of
investors are asking when property
prices are going down so sharply does it
mean a very negative wealth effect on
spending? In fact we have not seen such
pronounced impact on spending. instead
and we see the crowding in effect when
people are not saving so much you know
into the the down payment of the next
apartment they actually can live a
little right they can spend a little and
uh we think that maybe the golden week
will be the time when we can uh put it
to test to see whether retail sales
shows a little bit of more improvement
there
>> well speaking of h how did we track in
September as far as the activity numbers
are concerned in other words in two
weeks time the activity numbers for
September how do you think they'll look
>> well um I would say that we probably are
going to see IP holding up reasonably
well. Of course, let's see how, you
know, exports is going to fare, but my
suspicion based on the PMI today is that
IP is going to be still in the ballpark
of 5 to 6%. But, uh, but I think what
worries me would be the continued
divergence between retail sales and
fixed asset investment, which drifted
lower and lower versus the IP. So I what
I worry about is that in year-to-ate
terms we could start to see fixed asset
investment drifting towards zero. It was
already like close to zero last month
and at this pace we can probably see it
dripping into negative territory very
soon.
>> Well, this doesn't mean that investment
growth is negative because fixed asset
investment is a nominal series. Okay. So
when we deflated with a PPI deflation in
place, we probably will still have
positive slightly positive uh gross
capital formation, investment growth.
But uh that said, I I think that still
sends a very strong message which is
with the anti-involution campaign in
place etc. you know, new capacity is
prevented from being added. And we are
seeing, you know, the overall economy
taking a toll on the demand side. And
that would imply that if you continue to
to to push for the supply side expansion
on a stable level and however your
demand is not strong enough and you
don't want to stimulate it because you
feel complacent, then the big gap in
between basically means it either has to
be exported or it has to be turning into
inventory at home. In either way, there
will be deflationary pressures either
here or overseas.
>> Helen, thank you. Helen Chow there,
chief greater China economist at BA
Global Research. Coming up, Washington
pressures Taiwan to move more chip
productions to the US. We have details
coming up next. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Washington is pushing Taiwan to move
more investment and chip production to
the US there. Commerce Secretary Howard
Lutnik told local media that half of
American demand should be manufactured
locally. Let's get to our Asia tech
correspondent Annabal Jewelers with more
on this. Tell us the reasoning behind
this.
The reasoning is is essentially that the
US has been long concerned about being
too dependent on TSMC specifically, but
but Taiwan and the broader ecosystem
around TSMC as well. So, this push has
been going on for a long long time now
uh predating the Trump administration to
to force Taiwan or to put pressure on
them to move more of their advanced chip
facilities to the states. So far, TSMC
has sort of
held back from from having the most
advanced technology there, but still, I
mean, we're starting to see that shift
happening. We can get more on that in
just a moment, but we did have an
interview that Howard Lutnik, the
commerce secretary, had with NewsNation,
uh, US uh, media network overnight and
and essentially he said that their goal
is for the Taiwan companies to be making
half of US chip demand in the States.
That's what they're wanting to again try
and reduce that over reliance. And how
is Taiwan or how are Taiwanese companies
responding to this um project?
>> Yeah, so this is an interesting one
because actually just this morning
there's been some local media in Taiwan
reporting that TSMC is looking to speed
up production of their Arizona uh a new
plan in Arizona that they're actually
going to be trying to bring it forward
by by one year. This is according again
to local media here, Economic Daily News
in Taipei, but they're looking to bring
that forward to 2027. Uh and this would
have up to 2 nanometer production. in
the A16 process as well. This is the
cutting edge of TSMC technology. So, it
is notable because again going back to
what I was saying about TSMC, yes, they
do have a couple of plants in the US.
Yes, they early this year in March, they
they announced a huge ramp up in their
production plans as well to have a lot
more plants and R&D facility as well,
advanced packaging facilities. Uh but
they still have continued to keep really
their most sophisticated technology on
the island. And this does sort of I
guess signal a shift. But the the
broader issue also becomes it's really
the ecosystem around TSMC and you
continue I've often speak with Taiwanese
companies and about their willingness to
move abroad and and it's it's just so
challenging on so many different levels.
Labor uh costs involved actual demand
for their products. It's it's not just a
simple thing of of setting up in the US.
Yeah,
>> there we go. Bel, thank you so much.
Annabelle jewelers there really just a
underappreciated complexity of just
moving a supply chain from one economy
to uh to another underscore is really
also
uh the geopolitical overlay here right
so you have sources and you guys have
heard about this big story of course
sources say the Chinese president Xi
Jinping is pushing uh President Donald
Trump to oppose Taiwan independence now
the wording that would mark a major
diplomatic win for Beijing and really
comes as both sides seek uh this trade
deal
>> yeah our Bloomberg opinion columnist
Krishma Vashwani says that such a shift
will be a major blow to the island and
would brand Washington as an unreliable
partner in the region. She joins us now
from Singapore and yeah your your column
will US trade Taiwan for Tik Tok and
tariffs just highlights how interesting
you know Taiwan plays into this all
what's at stake here.
Well, there is so much at stake, Ivon.
And I found it really interesting uh you
know, just uh picking up from when where
Annabelle was talking about TSMC and and
being pressured to invest more in terms
of manufacturing in the United States.
Now, if you look at the relationship
between President Donald Trump and
China, particularly in this term, I
think it's fair to say that it's been
defined by the three T's, as I say in my
column, and that is Tik Tok, tariffs,
and Taiwan. Now Taiwan is at the
geopolitical heart of this because of
course Trump wants a deal when it comes
to trade. He wants uh he he has sort of
moved and maneuvered a deal on Tik Tok.
But what China wants, what the red line
for Cinping is, is to get that ultimate
prize, the legacy making goal that uh C
has stated very publicly and that is to
unify with Taiwan either through
peaceful means or by force and these
reports of course coming out that
Cinping is looking to have a discussion
with Trump at some point if indeed that
meeting does go ahead in October between
the two of them where he might push
according to the sources that we've been
speaking to for a change in this
diplomatic language that has defined the
relationship around Taiwan between the
US and China for decades now. If this
were to happen, and it's a big if,
currently there are no indications that
that could be the case, it would really
upend the diplomatic delicate dance
around the geopolitical uh stakes of
this island that we know it uh as it
stands. It would send a signal to Japan
and Korea that security could be at risk
in the Indo-Pacific and it would
certainly send a signal to Southeast
Asian countries who are hedged between
the US and Taiwan and China rather I
should say that Washington is an
unreliable partner.
>> Yeah, I think you know if we get to that
point you know being vague you know
ambiguity is not enough right? tell, you
know, say it effectively and how would
how big of a shift would that what would
that mean that that that change in the
wording and that old language on Taiwan
status? What does that entail? How do I
need to be thinking about the changes
that comes uh from any potential change
there?
>> Yes. So, strategic ambiguity is the way
that the United States has managed its
relationship with Taiwan. And
effectively what that means is that it
adheres to the one China principle but
at the same time it allows Washington to
be able to deal with Taiwan in the way
that it wants. Selling arms to it for
instance and having unofficial
relationships with it in the sense that
you know for instance there is a sort of
de facto embassy in the US where Taiwan
representatives have uh relationships,
conversations, discussions with US
officials. Now, this has worked for
decades, but it really annoys China,
which has done its best over the last
few decades to find a way to diminish
Taiwan's diplomatic status. And
interestingly, in another column that I
wrote last week, for instance, that
relationship was highlighted again when
Taiwan chose to weaponize its chips
diplomacy for what appears to be the
very first time by actually saying to
South Africa uh that was trying to push
one of Taiwan's representative offices
to another part of the country ahead of
a meeting with Cinping by saying, "Look,
if that's going to happen, you're not
going to get access uh complete access
to our chips.
Now, this was ultimately suspended, but
I think what it shows is a recognition
in Taiwan and certainly by President Lie
that he his island is being squeezed
again and again by China and this
relationship with the United States.
>> Is there anything then that that
President Lingto can do?
>> Well, you know, he's in an unenviable
position, Ivonne. uh he's being squeezed
internationally and he's also being
squeezed at home uh particularly when it
comes to trying to push through some of
the things he would like to see in the
legislature. Now, one of the key things
that the Trump administration has
demanded not just of Taiwan but of
countries around the region is more
defense spending. He really needs to be
able to find a way to get opposition
parties on board to be able to do that
and to push through what he has said in
the budget. And I think the other thing
that would be very useful is to try and
find out exactly how to give Trump what
he wants. Some of the things uh for
instance as Annabelle was talking about
more of an increase in manufacturing in
the United States. But at the same time,
he's got to ensure that the silicon
shield, which is what uh Taiwan's
precious gems, precious assets, those
chips that you know can't be made
anywhere else for now, they retain
control of that because that is what
lies at the heart of this and what makes
Taiwan so unique and so special both to
the to the United States and to China.
>> Kishma, thank you. Kishma Vashwani
there, our Bloomberg opinion columnist.
Make sure to check out her column this
morning. We got plenty more ahead. This
is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. Just a look at some
of the major market themes today. The
big listing of course here, 67% biggest
listing since CL back in May. Biggest
IPO if you think about it. First time
listing ever anywhere. Um, yes, raised
quite a bit of money. could have raised
more if you think about it but anyway
you leave that to the secondary market
to it's a question of you know do you
want the government to spend the money
for you or do you want more taxes but
yeah that's a different issue alto
together
>> yeah what a day for digene gold and
certainly just before markets uh shut
for the golden week holiday so certainly
we are still seeing a lot of momentum
behind this market and this whole rally
in general and take a look at when it
comes to uh we're watching very closely
some of these movers everything from
chips uh also this big debuts as well
it's not just zing gold right we're
talking Shenzhen High Pine Precision
Tech and Pat Pateo Connect. I don't even
know how to connect. Yeah, there you go.
>> Uh, all tech plays.
Uh, I mean 284%.
That's nuts.
>> Well, clearly they left money on the
table.
But that's just to say it's really been
a piping hot equity market. And I think
they've, you know, the the logistical
issue now on the part of the Hong Kong
Exchange is really how to fit more than
three gongs on that stage when you get
more than one listing here in the I
think they had three brass ones today.
>> Didn't we have there was that one day
there was like nine or six or seven I
remember. Remember?
>> Yeah.
>> Feels like a
>> they have they have a lot in in the back
somewhere probably they could bring up.
>> Yeah. I think they took that from some
of the nightclubs that closed recently
here in Hong Kong. I do remember some
thematics there.
>> They had a gong campaign too. They
brought all around the city. There you
go. CSI 300. We're flat right now, but
yeah, materials doing quite well. That's
it for us here in the China Show. See
you tomorrow.